Here on GitHub, this task5 directory contains the Laravel application ‘larang’ which includes AngularJS form validation and page redirects. It is important to set up the database connection. Do so by ensuring that config/database.php is set to default sqlite and config/app.php is set to development (not production). Then run 'touch database/database.sqlite'. Then run 'cp .env.example .env' and ensure that in .env DB_CONN = sqlite, PORT=3306, HOST=127.0.0.1, and DATABASE=/your/path/to/database/database.sqlite. Then run 'php artisan key:generate'. Then run 'php artisan migrate'. This application should be run first by typing ‘webdriver-manager start’ + return and then in another terminal window type 'php artisan serve' + return. This will start up the localhost, and one can then visit the appropriate URL in a browser, fill out the form, and register successfully. There are input error checkers, so only enter letters and whitespaces for name and a valid format for email (e.g. email@email.com) and a 10-digit, no punctuation phone number (e.g. 0001112222).

To run the Protractor tests, with both the Selenium server (webdriver-manager start) and the localhost server (php artisan serve) running, type in an additional terminal window ‘protractor conf.js’ + return. This command should run 2 specs with zero failures.

A docker image that sets up the environment in which to run this application is on Docker Hub as 'ledingto/larang’. Assuming you have Docker installed, please navigate to an empty directory locally on your computer. From this directory in the command line, type 'docker run ledingto/larang’ + return.